OK.
It's starting to smell
real good up in here.
What's on the menu?
I'm making albóndigas.
Do you even know
what that means?
Come on. do I know
I know the word meatballs
in damn near every language.
Wow. that's actually impressive.
Mm-hmm.
You're gonna like
this wine. too.
Mm.
That's for you.
Thank you.
Mm! It's really good.
- Decent?
- Mm-hmm.
Hm.
I can help. you know.
if you want me to try and
get this pasta rolling.
Oh. ah!
Sir. I'm actually gonna
need to see your hands.
- What do you mean?
- Yeah.
You been hanging around cops?
You know. this isn't
spaghetti and meatballs.
This is my famous
albóndiga soup.
So I need you to step
away from the stove.
OK. well. in that case. I
don't want to cause no trouble.
Let me cooperate and comply.
Mm.
Oh. I'm...
- Dang.
So sorry.
Oh. my God.
- No. it's OK.
Oh. OK.
Hand me... hand me this.
I got this.
That smell good. though.
I didn't know you
was a chef like that.
There's a lot you
don't know about me.
Oh. Kevin. your T-shirt.
Mm. uh...
you know what?
I forgot I left a shirt
over here the other night.
Hmm.
It's gone.
Hey. did you see that
gray long-sleeve shirt
that I left over here?
No. I didn't even
realize you left it.
Is that what we're doing now.
leaving things at
each other's places?
I didn't leave it on purpose.
I just kind of left it.
My bad. Is that OK?
Sure. I...
Were those gunshots?
Yeah.
OK.
Hey. you stay right there.
All right? Lock
the door behind me.
Stay away from the
window. Call 911.
Hey!
Chicago PD! Stop!
Drop that bag.
Put your hands up.
Drop the bag!
Put your hands up!
Help!
Someone help me!
He shot me!
- I'm sorry.
- Hey.
Stop. stop!
Help me!
Chicago PD!
Help me.
OK. I'm gonna help you.
Is anybody else in here?
- I... no!
- Are you sure about that?
I don't think so.
He... he just... he...
he shot me.
Yeah. OK.
He shot me.
911. what's your emergency?
This is off duty
officer Kevin Atwater.
badge number 52784.
Intelligence.
I'm on the scene of a shots
fired at 1023 Proctor.
I need you to roll an
ambo and some cars.
I got one man down.
Copy. Officer. Ambo en route.
Ah. oh.
Hey. there you
go. What happened?
Tell me what happened.
- He was just here.
He... he was
standing right there.
OK. I got two
GSWs to the chest.
Advise responding.
The offender fled on foot
westbound one minute ago.
Male. white. 170. armed.
I tried to scream.
I tried to grab him.
- Did you know him?
- No.
- Officer. can you hear me?
What did he look like?
Cars are rolling your way.
White.
Brown hair.
OK. just stay with
me. What else?
What else? What else?
Oh. God.
I can't see.
I can't feel...
No. help is on the way. OK?
Just look at me.
It's on the way.
Just stay strong.
- I can't feel them.
I can't feel...
Hey. where's that ambo?
ETA two minutes. sir.
Right now. we got
to stay locked in.
Keep canvassing at Wilhelm
just in case the offender
had a getaway car
waiting on him somewhere.
- Copy that.
- Yeah.
- Hey. Kev.
Hey.
You good?
Yeah. I'm good.
The victim took two
.45s to the chest.
His name was Richard Keating.
You saw it happen?
No. I heard the
shots. ran outside.
I saw a possible offender.
Male. white. 20s.
Just looked guilty.
Running from the back gangway.
That backyard is fenced.
so the offender must have
come from the back door.
Now. when I saw
him. he was stuffing
something in his backpack.
Looked like it could
have been a gun.
He also had a logo
on his book bag
that said Lakeside University.
OK. that's solid.
But how'd we catch it this fast?
The door. This you?
Yeah.
It was bolted from the inside.
So if this was a home
invasion in progress.
then I don't think the
offender really got much.
Sounds like Keating surprised
him when he first broke in.
tried to fight. screamed.
The offender shot him and fled.
Back door has signs
of forced entry.
Security system was off.
I've seen his bedroom
has a large safe in it.
but it seems to be untouched.
I don't think the offender
made it past the first floor.
Yeah. well. let's search the
whole house for prints anyway.
And canvass the hell
out of this block.
Kev. you head back
to the district.
Start scrubbing cams
for the offender.
- Yeah.
- Copy that.
- Hey.
You sure you're all right?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm good. It's just...
I understand.
Did you know him well?
No.
No. not really.
I mean. it's not important
now. but he's just...
he was kind of a hard
neighbor. you know?
Always getting into scraps
in the neighborhood.
Scraps like what?
I don't know.
He just... he's the type
to call and get your car
towed if it was out front.
And hated when I played
any type of music
and didn't like
Bruno's dog next door.
I don't know. just.
honestly. petty stuff.
I'm fine.
Go do your thing.
Did you see anybody
when you came out front?
No. Streets were empty.
OK. well. I'll call you later.
OK.
Well. you call me if
you need anything.
Yeah.
All right. I got something.
There's a Ring cam in the
alley behind Keating's.
Mm-hmm.
That's him.
Facial rec.
Stand by.
Nick Payton.
24 years old. 5'10". 180 pounds.
He's got one pop.
Let's see what I got.
Nick Payton is a
registered grad student
at Lakeside University
in chemistry.
Part-time job at the library.
No living relatives.
- Kevin.
Huh?
Nick was arrested six
months ago for trespassing.
but the charges were dropped by
the complainant. Gabriel Soto.
- Soto?
- Lives in Wicker Park.
Yeah.
That's Val's brother.
Gabe Soto.
I mean. why the hell would he be
crossing paths with this dude?
No idea.
All right. Nick's got no LKA.
When he was arrested. he used
a PO Box at the university.
All right. The kid's
a grad student.
Well. maybe he's sleeping
on couches. paying in cash.
I'm gonna contact
the university.
see if I can get an address.
I'm about to talk
to Val right now.
Hit the line if you need me.
Yeah. I know a Nick Payton.
My brother called
the cops on him.
but it was a misunderstanding.
OK. so you know him?
Yeah. I do.
But I don't understand.
What's going on?
- How do you know him?
I can't tell you that.
He's a patient.
Yeah.
He isn't currently.
But. wait. what's going on?
He was here last night.
I saw him.
He's the man that I
saw fleeing the scene.
- Nick?
- Yes.
You think that he was
involved in the murder?
He was fleeing the scene
seconds after the shots.
I don't know too many
innocent white people
that run from the police.
Why did your brother
call the cops on him?
No. no. no. no. that
was a misunderstanding.
My brother didn't know
that Nick was a patient.
and he saw him outside
my office at night.
My brother's very protective.
He dropped it all. I...
Kevin. Nick is not
involved in this.
How do you know that?
Because the kid doesn't have
a violent bone in his body.
Hey.
Yeah.
Copy that. I'ma call you back.
I gotta go.
No one else wanted the unit.
Nick said he'd pay a few hundred
a month to take care
of the front yard.
He sweeps up front. too.
It was a good deal.
Second floor on the right.
- Thank you.
What'd he do?
This one right here?
- Uh-huh.
- OK.
Nick!
You got company!
Ruz. we're knocking
on the door right now.
- Copy.
- I don't know if he's here.
I haven't seen him in a bit.
Nick!
I'm coming in with the cops.
You home?
I'm getting that fixed.
That's my storage.
Nick Payton. Chicago PD.
We just want to talk to you.
Nick?
Kev.
Yeah?
Don't touch anything.
We visited Nick Payton's house.
Obviously. he wasn't home.
but we did find
some things inside.
Photos of you.
Photos of us.
He has some of your
things. drawings.
I mean. we got reason to believe
that Nick Payton has been
stalking you for a while.
at least a few months.
Did you have any idea
this was happening?
No.
No. I didn't.
I didn't know that
he was following me.
Jesus.
I didn't know that it
was... it was this.
This?
That's why Gabriel
called the police. right?
No! No. no. Nick's not...
Nick wasn't my patient long.
He redirected some
feelings onto me.
It's not uncommon in therapy.
It's called transference.
It happens.
I referred him to
another therapist.
and that's when he
showed up at my office.
And that's when my
brother called the cops.
Mm-hmm. OK.
Well. I'm gonna
need you to come in
so we can ask you some
questions. if you don't mind.
What do you mean?
About his whereabouts.
his family.
where he might hide in a crisis.
I've only ever talked
to Nick in session.
And you know that I can't
tell you any of that.
Everything that he
said is privileged.
Unless he's a direct threat.
In session.
And I don't believe that he was.
Nick never posed a threat to
himself or others in session.
Well. he's a threat right now.
He's our lead murder suspect.
He has photos of you that
you didn't consent to.
Photos don't mean that
he committed a murder.
Kevin. I can't
compromise my oath.
It's not a compromise
if he's a danger.
And I don't believe that he is.
He's in a bad mental
state. yes. clearly.
But I don't believe
that he's violent.
I don't think that
he killed anyone.
Keating didn't
like his neighbors.
Hell. Val. he didn't like you.
We dug into him.
He was posting about
it all the time online.
Nick Payton responded to
those posts with anger.
That's motive. He was
trying to protect you.
I don't believe that
he killed anyone.
He was never a direct
threat in session.
And therefore. I
can't talk to you.
And I have patients waiting.
OK. thanks.
Chapman confirmed
we cannot compel Val
to give us anything
from session.
It's within her right to
respect Nick's confidentiality.
I mean. you really can't
get her to help us?
I tried. I don't
understand it. either.
All right. Fine.
All right. so what else
do we have on Nick?
He's a 24-year-old
chemistry student.
He's really capable
of hiding from us?
He's got no family left.
Mom died last year. Dad
was never in the picture.
Doesn't seem to
have many friends.
There's not a lot of
known associates to run.
His cell phone has been
off since the shooting.
He accessed his social
media a couple hours ago.
but he bounced his IP through
a couple of public libraries.
He's bouncing his IP?
Yeah. he's young. he's
smart. he's tech savvy.
and he's probably
using a program.
Yeah. well. maybe he's
smart. but he's isolated.
He doesn't know anybody.
He's got no place to go.
So chances are he's
gonna be hiding out
someplace he knows. right?
So run his historical data.
I mean. other than this house.
where is he accessing Wi-Fi?
That's where he's gonna be.
- Hey. Kim?
- Yeah.
Where's Torres?
He took a couple
of comp days off.
Why?
I don't know. He didn't say.
OK.
We sure this guy's coming?
This is where he goes.
He's accessed this network
every day for a year.
He'll show.
Hold tight.
Why do you think Val was so
adamant in defending Nick?
No idea.
Like. she just
couldn't understand
what I was saying about him.
Strange.
I mean. he had pictures of her.
I don't understand.
Well. have you two been OK?
Thought so.
Been casual. but
that's what she wants.
And what do you want?
All right. look alive.
We got a male. white.
black hoodie. brown jacket.
He's walking toward the store.
Yeah. we got a
positive. That's him.
Nick Payton!
Take your hands
out your pockets.
Put 'em up where I can see 'em.
Put 'em up where I can see em!
No. no. no!
Kevin. you don't understand.
Turn around. Don't look at me.
Turn around!
- Kevin. wait.
- Shut up.
You don't understand.
I didn't shoot anyone.
I was just keeping
an eye on Val.
I like to know that
she's protected and safe.
So that's why you
killed Keating?
To make sure that Val
was protected and safe?
No.
No. I didn't know he died.
I... I didn't kill
anyone. but... but yes.
I was keeping her safe.
I was there keeping
an eye on her.
All right. so what happened?
Keating try something? You
got mad and you broke in?
No! No. I... no.
'Cause I saw you. Nick.
- You're not listening to me.
- I saw you.
I know. Kevin.
I know you saw me.
That's why I had to run.
Because I knew how
you would react.
Because this is how
you always react.
You always invest too much.
You make things too
personal. You blur lines.
- Wait.
- I knew that I couldn't...
- Hell no. Hold up.
- Trust you to understand
the situation. so...
- Hold up.
Have you been listening to us?
- I'm not a killer.
I was just keeping
an eye on her.
There was another man.
A man with a limp.
Oh. it's a man with a limp now.
- Yes. yes. yes. yes.
- Answer the question.
Have you been listening
to our conversations?
I'm telling the truth!
Don't go losing your shirt.
The hell you just say to me?
Have you been in her house?
What's going on?
Answer the question!
Have you been in her house?
Did you break into
the goddamn house?
Huh?
- Kev.
Kev.
We just drive him in.
But does that make sense. Kevin?
Slide over.
That's why I had the binoculars.
I was putting them away
right when I saw you.
That's what I was
putting in my backpack.
Hey. I got him.
Kev. He Mirandized?
- Uh-huh.
- This way.
But Kevin. you
understand. though. right?
I was just keeping
an eye on her!
That's what I always do!
- Get up the stairs.
I gotta call Val.
I'll meet y'all up
there in a minute.
Burgess.
An investigative alert popped.
OK. On what?
This case.
So there was another
home invasion.
Wicker Park. Alarm was off.
Back door was kicked in.
Two killed. close range. .45.
Witnesses saw a man with
a limp leaving the scene.
It's upstairs.
Neighbor heard the shots. but
she didn't know what it was.
so she didn't call it in.
Then 15 minutes later.
she sees a man with a limp
leaving the back door.
She didn't recognize him.
Man was carrying what
looked like a duffel.
Two shots.
Didn't even have time
to defend himself.
Couple's 12-year-old son's
away on a school trip.
Thank God.
Blood spatter on her
from her husband's shots.
I think she must have
been in bed with him.
Offender shot her husband first.
And then made her open the safe.
- ...45s?
- Mm-hmm.
Same as Keating.
All right. tell Ballistics
we need a rush order
on primer strike comparison
from both scenes.
Yes. sir.
It's the same thing.
The offender just managed
to finish the job this time.
I got it wrong.
I want this whole house
searched top to bottom.
And get me a sketch
from that witness.
I don't care if he
didn't get a good look.
I want a sketch anyway.
Let's find this man.
And there's nothing on the
east side of the street.
Nobody with a limp.
There's hardly anybody at all.
Same here.
I don't think we're gonna
get that lucky this time.
Ballistics came back.
Casings. primer strikes. and
slugs are an exact match.
This was the same weapon
that was used at Keating's.
Anything else from the scene?
No. And tech's
licked it clean.
What about cams?
- Nothing.
And I ran all known
robbery offenders
that match the new parameters.
22 of them. none of
them with a leg injury.
So the only person who could
potentially ID our shooter
is Nick.
Looks like it.
OK. Nick is refusing
to cooperate
unless we give
him what he wants.
What the hell does he want?
I apologize.
I was wrong about you.
Yes.
You were.
I need your help.
I need you to look
at some photos
and see if you can make a
match for the man that you saw.
I want to hear you say it.
You can't do it without me.
Correct.
You are the only person
that can help us
identify the killer.
Yes.
And I will.
After I get what I want.
I just apologized.
That's not all I asked for.
Hm.
Hi. Nick.
- Are you all right?
- Yes.
I'm fine. How are you?
I've been better.
I guess I came down with
a case of the Thursdays.
It's an inside thing.
Val. I'm so sorry
about all of this.
I... I never hurt anybody.
I was only there
that night because
I wanted to check
on you. all right?
I just wanted to see
that you were OK.
We can talk about
all of that later.
But right now. what's
really important
is that you help us
find this offender
so that nobody else is hurt.
You're right.
Of course you're right.
Can you look at
these photos for me?
Yes.
This man. he was older.
maybe in his 50s.
He's tall.
He's clean shaven.
He came out the back
just as I was leaving.
We made eye contact.
I'd be able to
recognize him if he...
That's him.
That one. That... that's him!
Initial if you're certain.
That's him!
I'm 100% certain.
That's good.
All right. Robert Boyd. 53.
Arrested 10 years ago with a
large-scale home invasion crew.
Flipped on his accomplices
for full immunity.
Since then. he's worked as
a repair man for
ArmorStrong security.
Hey. ArmorStrong Security.
Both victims had ArmorStrong
systems in their houses.
I'll walk you out.
Look. he'd know when the
systems were turned off.
That's how he's
IDing the targets.
Obviously. Nick's word
is not gonna be enough.
So let's dig into Boyd and
find me some concrete evidence.
- You sure you're all right?
- I'm fine.
You looked uncomfortable
as hell in there.
You know. Nick's
48 is almost up.
You're gonna have to file a
restraining order before then.
and I don't have a
problem filing it for you.
I don't know that
I want to file.
Hey. hold up. hold
up. hold up. hold up.
You have to file.
I have to? I was
right about him.
He didn't harm anyone.
He just helped you.
Yeah. he helped me
after he manipulated me.
I mean. I know
he's your patient.
I'm just asking you to listen
to the police that's
in front of you...
Nick lost his mom.
He placed those
feelings onto me.
That's why he's
trying to protect me.
It's inappropriate.
It's wrong in every way.
But that doesn't
make him a monster.
I'm not talking
about the intent.
I'm talking about the act.
I mean. that boy
can easily escalate.
- You can't know that.
If there's a way that
I can do this without
completely destroying
this kid's life...
No.
Kevin. you can't tell me no.
I'm trying to protect you. Val.
What do you mean I
can't tell you no?
I'm not yours to protect.
It's not your place.
I'm not one of your
problems to be fixed.
Wasn't that the whole
point of this relationship?
Something fun and free and
easy. no complications?
Sometimes life gets complicated.
Maybe that's not
what this is anymore.
Exactly. and I don't think
that's what either of us
signed up for.
You think I care about what
we signed up for when...
I do!
Look. clearly. this
is not working.
And it's just...
it's too complicated.
And I... I think we should
just end it right now.
Val all right?
I don't know.
What do we have
on this offender?
Not much. We can't
get a Title III.
And Boyd. he's being smart.
No large deposits
have been flagged.
I ran the stolen goods from
the last home invasion.
Nothing pops on our
pawnshop database.
Oh. he is gonna have to
fence the goods somehow.
I've pressed all my
CIs. I've got nothing.
Could be running out of state.
The flea market.
Biding time because he
knows the goods are too hot.
Hey. let's run a historical.
This guy can't be new to this.
Let's run the details wide
to every open home invasion.
every burglary. all
traffic. stolen property.
ongoing stings. just
run it national.
See what happens.
Who are you?
Hadley Coates.
Anyone?
23.
Robbery homicide in Gary.
Hinsdale. Zion. Milwaukee.
Skokie.
- Geez.
Indianapolis and Chicago
have her listed for
possible trafficking of
high-priced stolen goods.
But she's never been charged.
Why does she hit when
we're running Boyd?
I don't know yet. Here we go.
Skokie police did an undercover
sting at a flea market
on Gross Point.
Hadley Coates fled with a white
male. 50s. driving a black SUV.
Same plates as Boyd.
- All right.
I'll keep running it. I'll
get you guys an address.
All right. let's roll. Cook.
You here for that bitch?
Nope. there is nothing
to worry about. ma'am.
Yeah? My ass!
That bitch owes me 30 bucks.
You tell her that
when you knock.
I'm doing all her shoveling for
her. and she owes me back pay.
That woman can't be coming
in our neighborhood walking.
talking like she's
better than us.
- All right.
- That bitch is a real problem.
- Sure.
- She better move!
She better move!
- I got movement.
I got movement.
- Go back and move!
Be quiet!
- She better move!
- Shut up!
Uh-uh. Nope. nope. nope.
- Help me. please!
- I'm police. calm down.
- I'm being attacked!
- Hey. get your hands off her!
Chicago PD! We
ain't playing that!
Chicago PD. get back
in the truck and drive!
Oh. damn.
Do you see the badge?
Drive.
Cut it out. OK?
Stop fighting!
Come on.
Oh!
Who are you?
What is going on?
- Hey.
- There's been a big mistake.
No. you know what
the mistake was?
Paying your neighbor to
be your little canary.
What's in the bag?
What you running for. Hadley?
I'm late to work. so...
Uh-uh. No. no. no. no. no.
I'm not running from anything.
Enough of that. 'cause I
ain't in the mood today.
Not today. OK?
Your client. Robert Boyd.
committed two home
invasion robberies.
Killed three people
in the process.
You've been in the game
long enough to know
how to add up them
prison sentences.
Did Boyd come to
you to be a fence?
Boyd? I don't know the name.
I wasn't clear when I told
you I wasn't in the mood.
Tow both of the cars.
Get the team to come in here.
search and seize everything
in the residence.
Book her for all three murders.
Hey! No. no. no!
We can get you as an accomplice.
- Hell no. I don't do jobs.
- Hell yeah.
I don't do kill jobs. Hey!
Boyd. he gave me some
merchandise. yeah.
But I wasn't gonna sell it.
I was gonna report it.
I got it upstairs.
Yeah. stolen property
was all a match.
Chapman signed off on a warrant.
Ruzek's dropping anchor at
Boyd's and we're en route.
Copy.
Boyd's gonna meet us there.
- What?
- Nothing.
I'm just... this has got to
be a lot for you and Val.
I mean. yeah.
It's not gonna work out.
And I feel like she's
never gonna tell me why.
She's going through a lot. Kev.
We got a problem.
Boyd's not here.
Plate readers just flagged
his vehicle at 40th
and Wayne near the university.
The university?
Near Nick's place?
Yo. Adam.
We got another hit on that?
No. but Boyd could
have ID'd Nick.
The kid had a damn backpack
with his university name on it.
If Boyd's been
trying to find him.
stalking the university for him.
we just sent the kid home.
Boyd's gonna kill him.
Adam. we're on our
way to Nick's now.
Your call has been
forwarded to the voice...
- Come on. man.
- What's going on?
- He declined it.
- Call Val.
He'll answer for her.
- Hello?
- Yo. Val.
I need you to do me
a favor. Call Nick.
But why? I'm at his place.
What the hell are
you doing there?
I just... I came to explain
things to him. Kevin.
It's not a big deal.
No. Val. get out
the house right now.
I don't want to have
this conversation.
No. Val. you don't understand.
The offender ID'd Nick.
He's coming there.
Get the hell out the house!
What are you talking ab...
Val?
Damn!
Radio.
Val?
Boyd!
Chicago PD.
Boyd. stop!
Chicago PD!
Put the gun down.
Drop the weapon.
You guys good?
Everybody all right?
Val. you all right?
Quiet.
Val!
Nick. you in there?
- Yeah. I-I'm here.
- No. don't.
No. it's fine. Nick...
Nick. that's Kevin.
It's just Kevin. It's
safe. come on. Come on.
Yeah. Nick. you can
come on out. man.
Everything's OK.
- No. no. no. no. no.
Don't... don't. Just...
just wait a second.
Hey. Kevin. it's OK.
We're gonna wait in
here for a second.
I grabbed a knife when you
said there was someone here.
We came in here to
barricade ourselves.
and Nick's still a little
nervous. and don't come in.
Wait. why... why are
you telling him that?
He's gonna think I'm
gonna hurt you...
Hey. Nick. you don't
have to worry about that.
You don't have to
worry about that.
We know you're not gonna
hurt her. all right?
He does.
He's gonna tell
you I'm dangerous.
He's gonna make sure
I never see you again.
That's not true.
Come on. Nick. that's
not gonna happen. man.
No. no. no. no. Listen to me!
Everyone just listen to
me! I was protecting you.
But he's... he's trying
to take you away from me.
He's lying!
He is a liar. You
have to listen to me!
Let her go.
- No. no. no.
Listen to me!
Nick. Nick. put
the knife down.
Nick. nobody thinks
you're gonna hurt her.
Put the knife down.
No. no. I...
No. no. no. No. I...
- Nick. put down the knife.
- No! No. no. no. no.
- Put it down!
No. no! I'm not
gonna let her go!
I need her!
- Don't you...
No!
- Let her go.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. I'm not gonna hurt her!
I'm not gonna let her go!
- OK. you're OK.
You're all right.
- Listen to my voice.
You're fine.
He doesn't know you like
I do. he doesn't know you!
He tried to turn
you against me. Val!
Hey. Focus on me.
You all right?
You hurt?
- No! Val. Val!
I'm not gonna
hurt you! Please!
No. no. no! No.
no. no. no. no!
I'm not gonna hurt her! No.
no. no. don't be scared.
She's got a wound.
It's shallow.
She'll be all right. Nick.
He doesn't know about your mom.
He doesn't know.
You all right?
No.
Come on.
Come on. let's get out of here.
Hey.
How we feeling?
I'm fine. It's
hardly a scratch.
I just want to get home.
- OK.
Let me drive you.
My car's here. I can drive.
Oh. I don't recommend...
I'll drive her. thanks.
You don't need to be
taking care of me.
I know you probably have a
lot of stuff to do. and...
Yeah. I know you don't
need me here. but...
I am trying to avoid
some paperwork.
I want to be here.
I lost my mom two years
ago to breast cancer.
It was...
really long and...
awful.
I was working during it.
and that's when Nick
became my patient.
Around that time.
he had lost his mom.
Mm-hmm.
She was all he had.
And without her. he
was... untethered.
And I understood that.
I got it.
And I cared so much that I...
I crossed a line.
And I told him about my
feelings about my own mom.
And I gave him my
personal number.
and I gave him a hug and...
countertransference.
I should have known better.
I should have saw it happening.
but by the time I did.
he already had those
feelings for me.
And I referred him
to another therapist.
But...
He just kept trying to find me.
It wasn't his fault. It
was my responsibility.
I created that.
I should have
noticed it earlier.
Val. you did not
break Nick Payton.
All you tried to do was help.
I can logically know that.
but emotionally
not understand it.
It's kind of the whole
reason my job exists.
Is that the reason why you
kept me at such a distance?
I don't know. maybe.
As you can see. I'm not good
at trusting my instincts
when it comes to relationships.
I'm not sure if I can
trust mine. either.
Do you really want to end this?
I think...
I'm a mess.
Me too.
But...
I don't want to end it.